yes he's already the most wanted car in
Bollywood but that hasn't stopped Salman
from selling Dabangg
to shooting for bodyguards and promoting
his June and his buzz me release
and of course badly is ready to give you
all the news on that front forget about
the Superman forget about spider-man
forget about Batman we've got Salman
here Salman Khan is always a story that
line from you pal - you obviously know
Donna always has the good lines in let's
hope that he is ready with some to the
end with ready Betty when he was ready
ready set and go now come on what are
you ever they need to do and what are
you never ready to do liber8 to this
everybody to get out of here right now
that is so low yeah but that is the way
Thanks other than an interview with yes
is very bad you're under the new order
what are you ever ready to do I'll tell
you why because you know niggas tight
after the first c4 interviews I do not
know what to say
it's if it hurts my one years that I'm
repeating myself again and again over
and over again so from when I move out
of that because I don't say the same
things again I start talking rubbish and
I start talking for some of them when I
start making up things and so you know
said doesn't tell so should we put you
some words into your mouth yeah okay so
use the audio picking someone in an
interview earlier that your character is
perfectly fine but who do you think is
actually or need our character in
Bollywood in attacked in Bollywood I
will not answer that at all I don't
think anybody's character in Bollywood
here dealer Oh in life in general
nobody I don't think first of all I the
Bollywood name is Mila
oh okay and it was talking about the
fact that you know you will say that
you're ever ready to basically get out
of your like whenever I need to do
interviews you want say that you're
never ready for commitment also I had
that changed it is it is one of those
things when you keep on asking
and also different answers come
observing obviously I'm a very committed
man yeah right now to myself right not
to myself and then when I get come into
somebody else
I was very committed right now it's my
work against my family it's my fans and
then when somebody's added on you will
obviously know about that even though I
will not talk about it but you know body
language ah we should be watching your
body language very closely and so there
are lots of women who are doing just
that
a lot of people have been talking about
how generous you are you know to kind of
give them the breaks that leave it so
everything that you think they got being
gay things that way it they suited the
character you know so they're terrible
from the in fact I'm not doing them any
favors they are doing me a favor by
being a part of it I think right now
that he is is looking very nice and
that's she's Curtis Stone brought in
from the in Bangkok finally one last
question son you made a promise in his
earlier interview and decides the not
they're going to tie the knot is tied
the knot here Salman Khan and I have
tied the knot if not to anyone else
think you know what you're going to
thank you